[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Randy
Cramer, who claims
to have been part of military
interplanetary missions.
Welcome, Randy.
>>RANDY CRAMER:
Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: Does the covert
military space program
have bases on other planets?
>>CRAMER: Oh, absolutely.
Yeah.
I mean, I certainly
couldn't name all of them
because there are
dozens or probably even
hundreds at this point.
But, oh, yeah.
For sure.
>>EMERY: What comes to
mind in our solar system?
>>CRAMER: [SIGHS] I would say
that any planetary body that we
could put a base on, or
any satellite of a planet
that would be a strategically
good place to have one
is a place where we have one.
Any place that we could
or would need one,
we have one at this point
in the solar system.
>>EMERY: How are
these constructed?
Are they on the surface?
Or the inside?
Underground?
>>CRAMER: Most of the time,
most of the construction
is underground for safety
and defensive purposes.
And they're-- depending on the
facility will depend on how
much juts out of the rock
or out of the ground.
But I would say that the largest
percentage of these facilities
are subterranean usually.
>>EMERY: Can you describe
some of your missions,
these covert missions that
you were on, on these planets?
I know you went
through a lot of them.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
There is actually a conflict
in the Cassiopean system
where a friendly species was
encroached upon by an aggressor
species who had purchased
some military technology
from someone else and,
because we already
had a trade
relationship with them,
they essentially picked
up the phone and called us
and asked for help.
And we sent some troops
and were deployed there.
>>EMERY: And what other kind
of missions did you guys do?
Like, what was the
agenda, do you think?
>>CRAMER: Ah, most
of the time when
I was engaged in
off-world missions,
it was high value targets.
So it was either
extract someone that you
want to keep alive or kill
someone that you want dead.
>>EMERY: Have you killed
any extraterrestrials
in your lifetime?
>>CRAMER: [LAUGHS] Countless.
I mean, I honestly couldn't tell
you the number, it's so many.
>>EMERY: Mm.
What was it like being
at war, in combat,
against extraterrestrials?
>>CRAMER: Well, interestingly
enough, any time that I've ever
had to take the life
of another human being,
there's some
emotional wrestling,
whether it's remorse,
guilt, or, ah,
I wish I wouldn't
have had to do that.
But I have to be honest.
When you're in a military
conflict with another species,
I've never had a
problem with it.
Never had issues with remorse.
In some cases, it's--
I mean, I hate to
say it this way,
but sometimes it's the
same as killing a monster.
Like, you wouldn't
debate or feel
bad about killing a monster.
So something that's
completely not
like you in a military theater,
a situation where everyone
is trying to kill each other.
It's pretty easy, to
be honest with you.
>>EMERY: Right.
Just a target.
>>CRAMER: Just a target.
Just a moving, breathing
target at that point, yeah.
>>EMERY: You said the word,
"monster," so now I'm thinking,
what did some of
these look like?
>>CRAMER: Well,
[SIGHS],, you know,
I would say that
occasionally we're
dealing with
intelligent species.
And sometimes you're dealing
with less intelligent species,
which could be described
as animal, or even, like,
monster-type lifeforms, if
they're big enough, I mean.
If it's big enough, we'd
just call it a monster.
[LAUGHS]
>>EMERY: Right.
>>CRAMER: So, I
mean, you could be
talking about large
insects, large reptiles,
large amphibioids, as well as
species who are similar to us
or incredibly different.
I mean, we could mean
different limbs, cephalapods.
It's a pretty wide range.
>>EMERY: Did you ever
encounter during combat
an extraterrestrial species
that could get in your mind
or that was talking
to the troops?
Or getting in there to maybe
make them turn on each other
or to mind control you?
>>CRAMER: Well,
certainly, when we
engaged with the indigenous
reptoids on Mars,
they were actually a
very psionic species.
And so their ability to get
inside our heads, sometimes
make us see things
that weren't there,
that was probably the number
one thing that it would do,
or they would do.
A number of times
we would encounter
this fog that you couldn't see
through that was like pea soup.
But we'd have the
intelligence officers
who were looking at
other cameras tell me,
there's nothing there.
There's nothing there.
Like, well, I can't see six
inches in front of my face.
So it's here, as
far as I can tell.
But that was all
psionic illusions.
So them just putting
the images in our minds,
so it seemed as real as it
would be as if it were real.
>>EMERY: Let's describe
psionics to the audience here.
Because I know a lot of people
don't know what that is.
>>CRAMER: Simple, a
definition of psionics
is your mind powers.
So any ability to focus mental
energy, to alter matter energy,
is a psionic ability.
>>EMERY: And did he equip
you with psionic devices
to protect you from
some of these instances?
>>CRAMER: Not when I
was deployed in the MDF
when I was on Mars.
We basically were
pretty vulnerable
whenever the indigenous
reptoids wanted
to use their psionic abilities.
As it turns out,
they didn't use them
as often as they could have.
They really were pulling punches
with us, to be honest with you.
If they would have flexed their
full power of their muscle,
the conflict would have
been over very quickly.
So they were kid gloves
with us, for sure.
>>EMERY: What are your gifts
that you have with psionics?
Because I know you teach it.
>>CRAMER: I do.
I do teach a psionics class.
So I was genetically
engineered to have a higher
propensity for psionic ability.
Was given a rudimentary
training in the military.
And then, [SIGHS] long story,
and a minor spoiler alert
for my book that's coming out.
When we were captured by the
indigenous reptoids on Mars,
one of the things that
they did was actually
put us through their
psionic training program.
I would say that that was
a point in where my combat
abilities were rather enhanced
by the psionic abilities
that we were able-- that we
were taught and able to perform.
>>EMERY: Were you foretelling
what the next punch would be?
Were-- what kind of--
explain--
>>CRAMER: Certainly,
a precognitive ability
to sense an attack
seconds or an instant
before it come, yeah,
that's pretty natural.
>>EMERY: Definitely
lifesaving in our jobs.
>>CRAMER: Oh, yeah.
I mean, if you know how to--
if you can sense where
a projectile is coming
and simply not be on the line
where the projectile is, then,
yeah, you just dodged
a bullet, literally.
So there are some other things
that we could do in combat.
I don't-- [SIGHS] it sounds like
I'm bragging if I go into a lot
of detail about that.
But they were combat proficient
and could enhance and/or take
life, for sure.
So--
>>EMERY: What is an
indigenous reptoid?
>>CRAMER: Well, if we're talking
about the indigenous reptoids
on Mars, they are
an evolved reptilian
species that is derived from
essentially like a rock lizard.
So they tend to have
skin tone, scale tones,
that are in sandy colors.
But they also have some
pretty bright patterns
that can appear in their
backs, on their arms.
So you can see
patterns that can be
in yellow, black, red, some
very bright contrasting colors.
So they're evolved from,
basically, a rock lizard.
Short snout, medium
to tall heights.
They can be anywhere I'd say
from about 5' 5" to almost 7'
tall.
They do have a tail that
is usable in combat.
I've been swiped more
than once by a tail.
And they hurt.
[LAUGHS] It's a
big, strong muscle.
>>EMERY: That's a big muscle.
>>CRAMER: It's a big muscle.
Can sweep out your legs.
Been knocked unconscious.
Got clubbed in the head
with one , one time.
So, yeah, they're fierce.
They have claws when
they want to use them.
Again, they're very intelligent.
They prefer hand-to-hand combat.
And one of the
things that they use
with their own
psionic abilities is
essentially to make our
projectiles curve around them.
So sometimes at a distance, not
much effectiveness would occur.
And we would have to get--
close to the distance
and engage in really what is
almost a primitive 18-- you
know, 1400s to 1800s
style ground combat
where you're either getting
close with a bayonet,
or rushing across a field,
and just brutalizing
each other up close.
>>EMERY: Did you see them
have any weapons or equipment
of sorts?
>>CRAMER: Not in the field.
When they were on
the field, they
tended to keep it
very, very simple.
When we spent time with
them, they definitely
had a technological ability
to make tools, items,
that were very sophisticated.
But they didn't
use much technology
in their day-to-day life.
They really chose to live
in a very simple, hands on,
low technology reality.
But their ability and I'm
pretty sure the technology
that they had out of
sight was very advanced.
Before the destruction
of the surface
of the planet many, many
thousands of years ago,
they were obviously
very, very advanced.
And after the destruction
of the surface,
most of those who
were left underground
took on a very
different attitude
about what technology was for.
And so some of them purposefully
reduced the impact and use
of technology in their
day-to-day life because they
saw in the past that it only led
to greater and greater military
conflict, and eventually the
destruction of the surface,
and billions of their--
members of their species.
>>EMERY: So are they
a-- they're obviously
a master of telekinesis because
they can move projectiles.
>>CRAMER: Oh, yeah.
>>EMERY: That means they
can probably move you.
>>CRAMER: Oh, yeah.
I observed a-- what I
would say a small division
of indigenous reptoids bring
down a Draconian drop ship
at speed into the
ground so that it
when it slammed
into the ground, it
broke into millions of pieces.
And they did that with a
psionic telekinetic grab
and pulled it right down
to the ground as a group.
>>EMERY: That's what
I was going to ask.
Was it a group effort?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
They-- all their hands
went up at the same time,
went down at the same time.
And, as they made
this motion, the ship
just slammed into the ground.
And I need to
emphasize, at speed.
They didn't just bring
it down to the ground.
They threw it into the ground
at speed so that when it hit,
it just broke apart
into millions of pieces.
>>EMERY: Were there
are people in there?
>>CRAMER: Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
The drop ship had
already sent out
a small battalion of
Draconians that were decimated
by this reptoid battalion.
And then, as the
ship tried to leave,
they just grabbed
onto it and slammed it
right back into the ground.
>>EMERY: What is a Draconian?
>>CRAMER: Oh, Draconian is
another reptoid species.
But they tend to look more like
a crocodile or an alligator.
They've got a long
snout, dark green skin.
Some of the higher echelons
can have wings, can be winged.
Some of them can be very tall.
As a species, they tend to
be the a-holes of the galaxy,
and very aggressive.
Their main tactic
and strategy is fear.
And so they love to make
people feel like they're
super strong, super terrifying.
Oh, they're so powerful, we
can't possibly beat them.
But they bleed like
everything else.
And so once we
started to understand
that their main tactic was
to make us feel intimidated,
we became less intimidated.
So they're not so
much of an issue.
I mean, they're military--
militarily challenging.
But we have certainly met them
in the field of battle and won.
So--
>>EMERY: These
indigenous reptoids,
what was the language like?
>>CRAMER: Well, I think the
most important distinction
is they have a different
tongue and a different palate.
So the sounds that
we make, we may not
think about it are very unique
to our tongue and our palate.
They're sounds that
are biologically
distinctive to what the
physiology of our mouth
and our tongue and
our lips can do.
So, in the same way,
the sounds that they
make for their
language really are
dependent on that
biological relationship
again between mouth, teeth,
tongue, palate, and so forth.
I would say a lot of
their language involved
sort of guttural sounds,
some kind of hissing sounds,
as well as clicks.
And it's important to note
that if I were to say anything
in their language, even
though you wouldn't hear it,
I would be saying it with
a Terran accent, [LAUGHS],,
because I can't actually
make the exact sounds
because I don't have the same
tongue and the same palate.
But their name for the
planet is not Mars.
We call it Mars.
They call it Goluka.
>>EMERY: Wow.
Very deep.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
And, again, to be honest,
I'm saying that very badly.
So if an indigenous
reptoid were here,
saying that-- if he
heard me say that, he'd
look at me sideways
and go, eh, you know?
>>EMERY: Right.
>>CRAMER: Because
they hate it when
we mispronounce their words.
>>EMERY: Did you talk and
communicate a lot with them
using vocal--
>>CRAMER: They mostly spoke in
English, to be honest with you,
again, with an accent because
of the tongue and the palate.
And their English was
actually pretty good.
And I learned a few words.
But we were not encouraged
to speak their language
because they're very
picky about pronunciation.
And if you can't
pronounce the word right,
they'd rather you didn't say it.
It's very-- it's
offensive to their ears.
And they get very-- they get
very rubbed the wrong way when
you say words wrong.
>>EMERY: Does sound effect them?
>>CRAMER: I'm not sure
what you mean by that?
>>EMERY: Are they sensitive
to frequency and sound?
>>CRAMER: They have a
really good hearing.
I mean, I would say they have
kind of like dog hearing.
They can hear in upper
registers and lower registers
that we don't hear, for sure.
So if our audible
hearing spectrum is this,
their audible hearing
spectrum is probably that.
>>EMERY: What do they eat?
>>CRAMER: The indigenous
reptoids actually
eat a lot of salamander tail.
There's these giant salamanders,
and they cut the tails off,
and then prepare the tails in
a number of different dishes
that include fungi,
lichens, grasses.
I've described their food
as tasting mostly like mud.
[LAUGHS] But it's an
acquired taste, as well.
And it's very nourishing food.
But it's not exactly what we, as
mammals, would consider tasty.
[LAUGHS]
>>EMERY: All right.
Do they eat humans?
>>CRAMER: The indigenous
reptoids on Mars do not.
They do not eat human beings.
I have heard stories
that Draconians will eat
anything or anyone, just about.
Whatever food is available.
>>EMERY: Have you been
on a Draconian ship?
>>CRAMER: I've been inside one.
I wouldn't say that
I've been on one.
There was one that had
been on the ground.
The forces that had come
out of it were decimated.
The ship was disabled.
And then we stormed the ship
and killed everything, and then
left.
>>EMERY: Could you tell the
audience, when you walked
in there, what did you smell?
>>CRAMER: Rotting flesh.
[LAUGHS]
>>EMERY: Let's talk about that.
>>CRAMER: I mean, it was--
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>CRAMER: It was not a pretty
smell at all, for sure.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
I've noticed on a lot
of these crash sites
that they have rotting--
you know, many different
kinds of species and meat--
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: --you know,
rotting in these big bays.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Did you see
anything like that?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
And, apparently, as I've
been told, that-- that's
how they like their food.
They like their food warm,
rotten, warm, and ugh.
I mean, that's their-- the way
they like to eat food, so--
>>EMERY: Another thing is,
when you went into this,
did you have a suit
on at one of the--
I mean, of course
you have your suit.
But did you have
a full helmet on?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
>>EMERY: Because
one of the questions
people are going to ask,
well, how did you smell?
And there are ways to
do it within the suits--
>>CRAMER: Right.
>>EMERY: --with
hearing and smelling.
Maybe you can
explain it to them.
>>CRAMER: Well, the
suits themselves
are not a space suit.
It's an environment suit.
So it's not exactly
completely, totally,
and absolutely airtight.
So there are residual
smells and things
that can get into the suit.
So a pungent odor, if you're
within the space of a pungent
odor for more than
a few minutes,
you're likely to be able
to start smelling it.
>>EMERY: Some people speak
of mining expeditions
to these places, and also
going there and controlling
ET civilizations.
Have you heard of this?
>>CRAMER: Well,
certainly, we're involved
in the mining business.
So we certainly--
there's already
companies that are
doing asteroid mining.
Anywhere-- I know that
there's mining on Mars.
I can't say everywhere
there is a mining operation.
But I would suggest
wherever there
is a mining operation
that's profitable,
the mining companies
are going there.
>>EMERY: Were military forces
deployed on these areas
to protect miners at any time?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
>>EMERY: And why is that?
>>CRAMER: Well, depending
on where you are,
you just might be somewhere
where there is, again,
hostile animals or
a hostile species,
someone that doesn't
necessarily want you there.
There's also just random
things they can show up.
And if you don't have
someone there to be prepared,
it can cost miners their lives
because miners aren't fighters.
>>EMERY: When you are
deployed to a planet,
what's-- is there
a confrontation?
Do they accept you?
What happens?
>>CRAMER: I think I'll
make a historical reference
comparison there.
So when European sailing ships
started to explore the world,
and they started to come across
different indigenous persons
on this planet, sometimes
they were welcomed.
Sometimes they were turned
into food and cooked in a pot.
And depending on how
the aggressiveness
or the size of the force might
depend on whether they were--
would be engaging with
them militarily, or would
get in a conflict,
or whether they'd
want to invite them
in and feed them.
It really is the same
kind of variation.
It really depends
on where you go,
what the species is, what level
of technology and civilization
they have, how pervasive that
is over the entire planet,
and their own attitudes
about visitors.
Some species are a little more
open to visitors than others.
And some are incredibly
hostile to anything
that's not from there.
So it's as wide a
variance of responses
as you could possibly
think that there are.
>>EMERY: So what
happened when you
landed on Mars the first time?
>>CRAMER: That war was
already in progress.
It wasn't like I got there and
then, oh, we are having a war.
It was already going full speed.
So when I got there, we
were briefed, trained,
and almost immediately
into combat operations.
>>EMERY: Do you know how
long the war was going on
and what other races
besides humans were there?
>>CRAMER: Well, the
location where we were at,
we were close territorially
to an indigenous
reptoids and
indigenous insectoids.
I have, however,
been told by people
who have been farther
south that there
is an indigenous humanoid
species, as well as one
or two other smaller
sort of pygmy species
that aren't from
there originally,
but have moved there some
thousands of years ago.
So it's their home as much
as it is anybody else's now.
So there is at least
four or five indigenous--
what we call indigenous
species on Mars.
But my encounter was only
with the indigenous reptoids
and the indigenous insectoids.
>>EMERY: Did you have to
wear space suits on Mars?
Or could you breathe
the atmosphere?
>>CRAMER: Well, the air
was thin and breathable,
but not breathable enough
that you could, like,
do cardio and fight.
So we had to wear
an environment suit.
So the environment suit
mitigated the temperature
and oxygen levels.
But it wasn't the same as
an air tight space suit So--
>>EMERY: What was the
planet like, Randy?
Could you describe
the environment?
>>CRAMER: Sure.
[SIGHS] I mean, there was a--
I would say we used
to say there was
sort of a summer and a winter.
[LAUGHS] So winter, it would
get colder and it would snow.
Summer, you'd see
some ice melt and some
tributaries and streams and
so forth would start to flow.
And it would get
a little warmer.
We were in a fairly
far northerly location
that I often describe as
about the same as Alaska.
So it was-- in the
winter, it was cold.
And even in the summer,
it was not super hot.
But it was-- like
I said, it was--
you could pop your helmet
open and breathe the air,
so long as you didn't have
to run somewhere or fight
something.
Because that would be like
trying to run or fight
at 18,000 feet or whatever.
But like I said
it was breathable.
What I found interesting
about the smell
is all that iron oxide,
which is just everywhere,
gives you this
pervasive smell of rust.
And so I would often take
this whiff of the air
and be reminded of like
being inside an old abandoned
factory or something
where you have
all this rusty
sort of metal smell
that's kind of stuck into the
ground, and into the walls,
and so forth.
But there was-- again, where we
were, farther north, the plant
life was fairly small.
So small shrubs, small trees,
some grasses, little lizards,
little ground burrowing birds.
Interestingly enough, I would
say that the animal and plant
life, incredibly similar to
what we have here on Earth
as what we experienced
there on Mars.
I mean, things that weren't
like outlandishly different,
like, I have maybe seen on
one or two other places.
But it was actually
really similar.
Just like a high
desert environment,
to anyone who's ever
been to Colorado or Utah
might know what that's like.
>>EMERY: What was the
weather like on Mars?
>>CRAMER: Mostly dry.
Mostly clear.
But, again, it
would occasionally
rain and occasionally snow.
You would occasionally get a
pretty strong windstorm, too.
And there are some tornadoes.
So-- but we didn't get
too much of that weather.
It was mostly, I would say, dry,
cold, and occasionally slightly
wet or snowy.
>>EMERY: What was the
color of the ground?
Like, we always see on
National Geographic it's red.
>>CRAMER: It's actually a broad
range from a deep crimson,
to a brownish yellow,
to a bright yellow,
to a whitish gray.
So-- but when you're
looking at it from the sky,
again, that sort of
pervasive iron oxide
gives it that red tint.
But if you really look, you
can see that you're really
looking at a number of shades
of sort of red, yellow, orange,
and even some
brighter colors that,
again, are sort of whitish.
>>EMERY: And when you looked up
at the sun and the atmosphere,
what--
>>CRAMER: Blue sky.
It's absolutely a blue sky.
Surprisingly enough, even though
you're a good distance away,
the sun looks a little smaller
than it does from here.
But the light is
surprisingly bright.
I presumed that it would be
dimmer because you're that
much farther away.
But it's not.
It's actually still-- I
mean, a bright day on Mars
is still like a
pretty bright day.
>>EMERY: How long
were the days on Mars?
>>CRAMER: It's almost
the same as an Earth day.
It's about 24 hours.
I think it's 23 and some odd
minutes or something like that.
>>EMERY: 23 something.
>>CRAMER: Yeah, but
it's pretty close.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>CRAMER: So, yeah.
>>EMERY: And where did you sleep
and stay during these missions?
>>CRAMER: So we had a--
the base was inside a mountain.
And our barracks were
in a section of the base
that we call the
Horseshoe because it's
shaped like a horseshoe.
And the squads were--
squad barracks were on the
outside of the Horseshoe.
And so, yeah, each squad
had its own barracks,
which was bunks, lockers,
shower, lavatory.
Yeah.
>>EMERY: Do we have
manufacturing facilities
there now?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
I have spoken to people who have
worked in those manufacturing
facilities, as well as a
guy who is a pig farmer.
>>EMERY: Did you ever
have any ET cooperation
on these missions?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
I mean, not so much
when I was in the MDF.
But there were times when
we were deployed elsewhere
that, yeah,
occasionally, you'd get
a friendly extraterrestrial.
Sometimes we were being sent to
help other extraterrestrials,
in which case we would be--
we would really be the
species helping them,
to be honest with you,
more than anything else.
But you could certainly
say, in that situation,
that they were
helping us, as well.
I mean, in the same
way that soldiers
who go to Iraq or Afghanistan
need the help of the locals
to know the lay of the land, and
what's going on, and who's who.
In that same way, they helped
us understand where we were
and what the situation was.
But we were the heavy
firepower, for sure.
>>EMERY: Now, of course you've
been on many missions to Mars.
Does any of them stand
out that you'd like
to share with the audience?
>>CRAMER: Yes and no.
[LAUGHS]
>>EMERY: Right.
I hear you.
>>CRAMER: Some that I might not
like to share, but certainly
some that I remember.
>>EMERY: Was it because
it was too horrific?
Or--
>>CRAMER: I mean, some of them
are just not fun to remember.
>>EMERY: Not fun.
All right.
>>CRAMER: Let me
put it this way.
In some cases, the more I
want to remember or talk
about it is the
more days I'm going
to have nightmares and sleepless
nights for the next few days.
So that tends to put me in a
position of not necessarily
wanting to talk
too much about it.
But [SIGHS] most of what
we did was engage out
on the open plateaus
of Mars in really
what is, again,
this sort of very
classical 15th century to 19th
century kind of style combat.
You'd be-- you'd think that we'd
be using a lot of air power,
that we'd be using a lot
of directed energy weapons.
But it just turns
out that we weren't.
And one of the
reasons turns out is
because, again, the
indigenous reptoids
and their psionic abilities
prevented some of these things
from operating.
What I've learned
also since then
is because that
wasn't the equipment
that we were trying to test.
Most of the reason that we were
there was to test equipment.
And they wanted to
test the body armor.
They wanted to
test the rail guns.
They wanted to test the
stuff that was about sort
of nitty gritty bone crushing
combat that was face-to-face
on the ground, which
is mostly what we did.
So a lot of that I
would say were just
skirmishes and firefights.
But, occasionally,
we would get sent
to raid a cave, a
base, a hive, depending
on who you're talking about.
That could get pretty sticky.
So-- because you're in dark,
confined spaces sometimes.
And sometimes you surprise them.
Sometimes you get surprised.
That was probably some of
the most, to be honest,
nerve racking sort
of experiences.
I would rather
fight something out
on a plateau where I can see
in 360 degrees around me,
instead of being in a
cave somewhere where
I don't necessarily know what's
ahead, or around a corner,
or in a chamber up ahead.
But the main purpose
of going on a raid
was just to do it
basically like a quick hit.
So you want to get
in, try and find
their food supply, or
their water source,
or where their
eggs are, and hit,
smash, crush, and then leave.
>>EMERY: You said eggs.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: What were
inside the eggs?
>>CRAMER: More reptiles.
More reptoids.
>>EMERY: And how long do
they take to incubate?
>>CRAMER:
Fascinatingly enough, I
would have expected it to be
a pretty good amount of time.
But it actually only took
about two to four weeks
to hatch an egg.
An egg would actually grow
to about four feet tall.
And when that egg hatches
open, a pretty much full-sized,
fully grown reptoid emerges.
>>EMERY: Does that reptoid
need to be trained?
Does it need to be
downloaded with anything?
Or is it ready to go?
>>CRAMER: Again,
fascinatingly enough,
which was a surprise to me
when I learned this, they--
again, their psionic
abilities are very developed.
So when some-- when a reptoid
dies, "dies" or its body
is terminated on
the battlefield,
they can direct
their consciousness
back to a hatchling cave,
and find an empty egg,
and house themselves
in that egg,
and then grow up,
and then reemerge,
full memory of everything that
they knew before they died.
>>EMERY: So they're fearless.
>>CRAMER: Absolutely fearless.
>>EMERY: They have
nothing to worry about.
>>CRAMER: No.
No.
They are--
>>EMERY: As far as
death is concerned.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
They are a fierce,
fearless species, for sure.
I have the most respect for
them as an opponent that if--
I could have for any opponent.
>>EMERY: What was our agenda?
You know, you being
there, our side,
against these reptoids,
what did we want?
>>CRAMER: Well, my
understanding is the excuse
or the rationale
was territorialism,
to essentially-- this
was our territory.
That's your territory.
And we're arguing over borders,
which my understanding now is
that wasn't really the reason.
Again, it was mostly to
test military equipment.
At least, again, when we're
talking about time in the MDF.
If you're talking about
another off-world mission
somewhere else,
again, it depends.
It depends on what
species is either
the friendly species
in that situation,
and which species is
the hostile species.
How developed is the world
that you're going to?
Is it a home world or
is it a colony world?
Or is it a mining station?
Or is it just a rock that
is a territorial conquest
of another species?
Who lives there?
What biological
life lives there?
Are they tribal?
Are they-- do they
live in cities?
How advanced are they?
Those are all what I would
just call tactical variables.
And so depending on
the tactical variables
depends on how the tactical
officers plan the mission.
And then we're just
essentially getting
the basics of what we need
to know to deploy, what
our mission parameters are.
And, again, most of it
is high value targets.
So it was either entering
into a hot situation
to grab someone that
we wanted to get out,
or entering into
a situation where
we needed to eliminate
someone very specific.
>>EMERY: In the 20 & Back
program, if you die there,
what happens to you?
>>CRAMER: Ooh.
Well, if I were to die under
those circumstances, I mean--
let me answer that another way.
I've certainly
experienced enough damage
to my body in which I would
say temporary death occurred.
Meaning, I left my
body and entered
into a state of consciousness
that people would
call a near-death experience.
But because of their ability
to put the body back together,
and hold onto that silver cord--
as long as your silver
cord doesn't disconnect,
they can yank you back in.
But when that silver cord--
[CLICKS TONGUE]---- disconnects,
then you're a balloon with
a cut string, and you're gone.
But I-- I have been--
I have heard stories of
soldiers who died in the field
and, not unlike the
indigenous reptoids,
floated around until they
found a clone of themselves,
and then rehabitated the clone.
So that's not something
we're trained to do.
But it has happened.
>>EMERY: When you arrive
on these missions, what's
the sophistication of these
ETs that you're going at?
>>CRAMER: It varies.
I mean, I've--
I've engaged in missions where
these species there appeared
to be rather primitive.
And been places
where they appeared
to have a comparable, or
possibly slightly more
elevated, level of technological
or social civilized development
than we have.
Never been to a world that was
so much more advanced than us
that they would have swatted--
swatted us away.
But most of the time, in the
missions that I was on anyway,
were not what I would
call invasion missions.
We were usually going into
areas that were already hot
with some form of
a conflict that
was usually about getting
into somebody else's fight,
as it were.
So usually it was helping
an ally, or someone
that we had a financial
interest with of some kind.
So most-- I think, again, these
are-- the tactical officers
make these decisions.
And they're most often
not going to want
to bite off more than they
can chew or we can chew.
So we were pretty
much sent to places
that were within our scope and
our technological and military
advancement to usually
dominate, to be honest with you.
>>EMERY: Did you ever see
just one race fight itself?
>>CRAMER: Oh--
>>EMERY: Like we do here?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
Oh, certainly.
No, no.
Yeah.
We've come right into the
middle of a couple of civil wars
before, and in some cases
picked sides, and helped
one side dominate another side.
That's happened.
For sure.
>>EMERY: And what was your
position during that mission?
>>CRAMER: Most of the
time in those missions,
I was put together with
small special forces teams,
with a way more advanced
body armor than what
we had in the MDF.
And, again, more than
90% of what we did
was high value targets-- either
someone to rescue or someone
to kill.
There were occasional
missions where
we were sent to locations to
retrieve artifacts or material.
That did happen occasionally.
So--
>>EMERY: What kind of artifacts?
>>CRAMER: You know, we would
get told what that artifact was,
get whatever either visual
image, scanning images that we
had, and then go get it.
But, to be honest, a lot of
the times, these things looked
like rocks, carved stones, you
know, stone eggs with spirals
around them or cut edges into
them that if you apparently
knew how you could crack the
thing open, and open it up,
and there'd be something inside.
But most of the
time they appeared
incredibly innocuous,
mundane, and of no importance
whatsoever.
But, obviously, that
was not the case
or we wouldn't have been
spending time, manpower,
and risking our
lives to get them.
So something very interesting
was going on there.
But I found it very interesting
that, most of the time,
it just looked like
a rock, or something.
[LAUGHS] It looked like a--
or a carved piece of stone,
or a statue, or
something like that.
>>EMERY: Randy, why did they
pick you for these missions?
And what was your position
in these missions?
>>CRAMER: Well, by that
point in my career,
I had, again, clawed my
way up to the officer rank.
So I had achieved
Master Sergeant level
as an enlisted person.
So I was one of the most
experienced infantry
and special forces
soldiers that they had.
And then I was also pilot
trained, and an officer.
So that often put me
in a unique position
to be able to perform highly
complicated special forces
tactical arrangements, tactical
maneuvers, as well as anything
that might involve the need
to fly in or out very quickly,
or commandeer, or be able
to use somebody else's
ship, or something like that.
So anything that--
any situation that
required a group of people
that had those skills
would typically be
assigned to the team
that I was assigned to.
So, again, it's just--
that was our specialty.
Was-- it-- again, in
my personal specialty,
advanced infantry,
special forces training,
flight training, piloting, and
sometimes the additional use
of psionic abilities.
So it's a gray area there.
>>EMERY: What types of
aircraft did you fly?
>>CRAMER: I'm trained
to fly everything.
So I can fly helicopters, fixed
wing aircraft, spacecraft,
alien spacecraft.
I can fly just about anything
that we know how to fly.
>>EMERY: What did some of these
alien spacecraft look like?
>>CRAMER: Some of them are--
look like the ships that--
saucer craft and
stuff that we've
seen in pictures and videos.
Some of them are way
weirder than that.
I mean, I don't know
how to describe it.
So you end up with some
very strange shapes.
One of my favorites
is a teardrop shape.
So, you know, it's kind of got
a rounded front and a teardrop
tail to it.
Those look kind of interesting.
I've seen alien craft
that are nothing more
than like a giant silver ball.
You know, there's cylinders,
bat wings, saucer craft,
other interesting
geometric shapes.
Seen like a flying
pyramid before.
That was one of the stranger
things that I'd ever seen.
I mean, it was basically like a
giant pyramid-shaped spaceship.
>>EMERY: What were
some of the propulsion
units on these things?
>>CRAMER: Most of the
time, the propulsion
is a combination of
electrogravitic and
magnetogravitic propulsion.
So the electricogravitic
propulsion-- well,
the electrogravitic
system basically
sends a high frequency
electricity charge
through the fuselage
that makes it weigh less.
So it has less--
less mass-- literally changes
the mass of the object.
The magnetogravitic
propulsion system
is really the anti-gravity
drive, the push.
So usually some combination
of those drives.
There are though some who use
ionic thrusters, warp drive.
In some cases, even
a combination of--
I've seen combinations
of electrogravitic,
magnetogravitic, with chemical
powered rocket propulsion,
as well, which was a
very strange combination.
But, apparently,
you-- just about--
again, like so many of
the things, just about
any combination you could think
of that would be practical,
there's probably a
species that has come up
with something similar.
>>EMERY: How did you
actually get to Mars?
>>CRAMER: So, like from
point A to point Q there,
I was in my bedroom,
taken via jump gate
to a spaceport somewhere,
I want to say, probably
New Mexico, Texas area.
Tierra 3B took us to the moon,
to Luna Operations Command.
After we went through standard
processing protocol, which
is, you know, medical
screening, psych screening,
contract signing, and
then we get deployed.
We were put on a
large transport,
probably like five stories
high, few hundred meters wide.
That transport then took out
of a hangar on Lunar Operations
Command.
And then that ship took
a jump gate to Mars.
Now the ceiling of
the ship essentially
has a series of screens so
that when they're activated,
it's as if you're looking
right at into space above you.
So we were actually able
to see that most of the way
that we went there.
And so when we came
out the jump gate,
we're staring at this very
familiar looking red planet.
But I think that there was
still some denial going on
in my brain.
And I was like, what's that?
But then the pilot
said, welcome to Mars.
And we went down and landed
in the tarmac at Aires Premus.
>>EMERY: Wow.
Well, Randy, thanks for
joining us on the show today.
It's always a pleasure
to have you on.
>>CRAMER: Thank you.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]